
to execute copilot.

rerun directive  "D:/scripts/GIT/KMD-AEVEN-TOOLS/.copilot/.husk_copilot_directive.md"
run "D:/scripts/GIT/KMD-AEVEN-TOOLS/.copilot/.husk_copilot_directive.md" against file "D:/scripts/GIT/KMD-AEVEN-TOOLS/de-tooling_cleanup_CACF_linux.yml"
run "D:/scripts/GIT/KMD-AEVEN-TOOLS/.copilot/.husk_copilot_directive.md" against file "D:/scripts/GIT/KMD-AEVEN-TOOLS/de-tooling_UNinstall_ITM_linux.yml"
run "D:/scripts/GIT/KMD-AEVEN-TOOLS/.copilot/.husk_copilot_directive.md" against file "D:/scripts/GIT/KMD-AEVEN-TOOLS/roles/cleanup_dir/tasks/main.yml"
run "D:/scripts/GIT/KMD-AEVEN-TOOLS/.copilot/.husk_copilot_directive.md" against file "D:/scripts/GIT/KMD-AEVEN-TOOLS/roles/find_cleanup_candidates/tasks/main.yml"
run "D:/scripts/GIT/KMD-AEVEN-TOOLS/.copilot/.husk_copilot_directive.md" against file "D:/scripts/GIT/KMD-AEVEN-TOOLS/roles/remove_user_cleanup/tasks/main.yml"
run "D:/scripts/GIT/KMD-AEVEN-TOOLS/.copilot/.husk_copilot_directive.md" against file "D:/scripts/GIT/KMD-AEVEN-TOOLS/roles/git_operations/tasks/main.yml"
run "D:/scripts/GIT/KMD-AEVEN-TOOLS/.copilot/.husk_copilot_directive.md" against file "D:/scripts/GIT/KMD-AEVEN-TOOLS/roles/push_cleanup_results.yml"

check YAML syntax against file "D:/scripts/GIT/KMD-AEVEN-TOOLS/de-tooling_cleanup_CACF_linux.yml", and make sure that lines where '- name' is floating somewhare in the line, then it is properly to go to new line.


can you change the block 4.D in "D:/scripts/GIT/KMD-AEVEN-TOOLS/de-tooling_cleanup_CACF_linux.yml" into a generic role called cleanup directory. place it in at D:/scripts/GIT/KMD-AEVEN-TOOLS/roles. Make the "cleanp_dir" role into a reusable function. So we can just include the role with different parameter for the function to cleanup.
or if there is another way to loop over same function block of steps?

make a run for each var, written in vars in 4.D.

    cacfdir: '/var/opt/ansible'
    cacfwrk: '/var/opt/ansible_workdir'
    cacfetc: '/etc/ansible'
    cacfsync: '/root/.ansible_async'
    cacftmp: ' /tmp/gts-ansible/'




can we do the same for block - name: '4.D.10' in "D:/scripts/GIT/KMD-AEVEN-TOOLS/de-tooling_cleanup_CACF_linux.yml".
make the block to a generic role function "remove users including a cleanup of user direcotories".
place it in at D:/scripts/GIT/KMD-AEVEN-TOOLS/roles. Make the "remove_user_cleanup" role into a reusable function. So we can just include the role with different parameter for the function to delete user and make a cleanup.
look also into D:/scripts/GIT/KMD-AEVEN-TOOLS/de-tooling_UNinstall_ITM_linux.yml from step 3.C.10. here there are some more areas to cleanup regarding a user delete.

implement it for these users:
    ansib_user1: 'kmduxat1'
    ansib_user2: 'kmduxat2'


can we do the same for tasks 4.D.05 + 4.D.05a in in "D:/scripts/GIT/KMD-AEVEN-TOOLS/de-tooling_cleanup_CACF_linux.yml".
The objective for these steps is to find out if there are more files to be removed. these found by the commend find, is to be listed in a collected debug msg, so i can add them into step cleanp_dir and rerun the playbook, until i am sure all is cleaned up.
I do not feel sure to just do i file search and delete all found. i would rather have to reiterate over several runns.


this cleanup_candidates_ made in 4.D.05 - Find cleanup candidates. Can i use git from the ansible tower host to push this file to the git repository.
kinda backwords where i get the scripts and the playbook from.


it says "cannot edit in read-only editor" in vscode editor

please change 3.C into a role for usage again as last step in de-tooling_cleanup_CACF_linux.yml


please validate the git steps and its roles. I'm not sure that they works as intended.
i try to copy the files which is created at runtime on the remote host like cleanup_candidates_{{ ansible_date_time.date }}.txt to be copied back to the ansible tower host where the git repository exists. i think the path for the repository is named in var script_homedir.


in de-tooling_REinstall_ITM_linux.yml
please us the new role roles\remove_user_cleanup to replace "#step:  remove itmuser" from strp 3.C.10 to 3.C.12k
and roles\cleanup_dir to replace "#step: Delete ITM files" from 3.C.07 3.C.09

it would be much easier to understand what is going on and what went wrong and how to compare and fix. so it would be much better if copilot first copied a file and maybe called it something like de-tooling_cleanup_CACF_linux-chat-editing-snapshot.yml

so, the reason to the previous errors regarding connection, was because the playbook removed the user it has to connect with. So we need to let the playbook consider if it is a rerun where the user has been removed and only run if it exists.